this time we will paint this design
on the wall
the material that we will use will be two
paint cans paint shaker
container and roller two brushes tape
Measuring level plastic can opener
to cover the floor and finally the most
important to be able to get a good
finish we must select the tape
masking tape make your most appropriate
for your need for this job of
two tonalities we will use the tape
masking tape 140 for surfaces
delicate and outlined can also be
Support our selection guide
tape masking tape for different
application surfaces
first we mark the distances where
they will take the separation of colors from
painting
once marked we proceed to mask
with masking tape 140 joining point
to point to get a line
straight you can also use said
tape to protect the switches
wooden frames and aluminum windows
now we proceed to empty the paint in
the recipients of your choice
Now we can start painting as
can see the tape helps us foresee
the paint filtration and allows us
a straight delineation when we finished
painting this area we can remove the
tape we should try to remove them in a
90 degree angle to the wall
and preferably when the painting is still
It's cool to avoid brazen
pl we put tape again on top
of the second brand
later right at the edge of the area
painted it does not matter that the painting still
be cool since our tape truck
it is special for this use now we can
start painting with the other color
Now that we've finished painting with
our second color we can remove
the whole tape
remember to do it at an angle of 90
degrees with respect to the wall and of
preference when the painting is still
cool to avoid being ruined pl
As you can see, there are no borders between
different shades of paint this
thanks to the thinness of the ribbon paper
ready it's easier to do it with the
you tape